Chapter 2: No Use Crying Over Dropped Bread.

There was a click as the back door opened “Ew! Maker’s Mercy.” exclaimed Reliance. “Would you take it upstairs?”

Your heartbeat quickens. You have a sinking feeling. However the embarrassment of being caught, yet again, barely makes a dent in your worry about the elf.  You are too happy. This makes you sure that disaster is imminent. Happy isn't fun or interesting to elves. 

Fort has never been happier, which is why you are feeling so much guilt. You are certain Nimble and Comfort have never been happier either. However they, at least, believe they deserve it, and they harbor so much anger and resentment towards the people on your street, that the fact so many of their 'friends' are dead or missing is actually a bonus for them. But it can’t last. Where is the disaster going to come from? Elves like their victims to see it coming. What aren’t you remembering?

“Did you catch someone in the act?” says someone behind Reliance. “Who is it?”

“Never you mind,” huffed Reliance quickly closing the door on her curious friend. She is wearing a brown work tunic and leggings. It is one of those tunics that has loops to hang tools from.

You have an impulse to jump up and rearrange your clothes, but it hardly seems worthwhile at this stage. If Verity comes downstairs then every adult in the household would have walked in on you and Comfort. Schemes to get rid of the elf flicker through your mind. There are herbs that can repeal or attract them, but where to get them? They will have different names, perhaps even different appearances. The important thing is the smell and taste.

“There’s never a quiet moment around here,” complained Comfort. “Is that Joy Smith in the back room? You know that you’re not supposed to let people in to the private areas of the bakery.”

“It’s Grace - I think,” says Reliance. “It doesn’t matter. Who do you think you are telling me what to do? You’re not my mother, you’re not my sister-in-law, and you’re just the Destroyer Cursed next door neighbor. Hush isn’t dead three weeks and you’re screwing her husband on their table.”

“From what Nimble says she wouldn’t mind,” says Comfort. With great reluctance Comfort disentangled herself from you and let herself down until she was standing on the floor. You roll down your tunic, covering yourself.

“Nimble isn’t his husband either,” says Reliance. 

“Arguing and making a fuss isn’t going to bring Hush back,” you say. You need help to  further your plans and for that you need them working together. Plus the bickering is getting annoying.

“You’re glad she’s dead aren’t you,” accuses Reliance looking directly at you. 

You feel a surge of shame and guilt. “Of course not. I would have saved her if I could,” you say.

“You let Nimble, Comfort and the others barge in here and change everything,” says Reliance.

“Things are different now.” you say. “We need to band together for protection.” You had seen it in shadow world after shadow world, the breakdown of law and order, the fracturing of society into gangs and tribes. It had already started in here in Moonpath Street and it was going to get worse. The ridged conformity of this society had slowed the collapse, but it was just going to make the final explosion that much more disastrous. 

“Yes, I can see what kind of protection Comfort has been giving you,” retorts Reliance. “What in the Destroyer’s dungeons are you doing?” she asks Comfort.

You see Comfort with something white and sticky on hands wiping it into a cup. 

“I’m saving a peace offering for Nimble. It’s a lot than better than spit but not as good as blo- uhm, not as good as other things,” says Comfort. She is licking her fingers with relish.

“That’s disgusting,” says Reliance turning away.

“Not so much. Everything to do with a posey smells and tastes wonderful,” says Comfort. “You could smell him the minute you walked in the door, couldn’t you? Doesn’t it make you want to bury your nose in his hair? To lick him all over? To bite him?”

Reliance is flushed and breathing heavier. She marches over to the water jugs and takes a drink from the blue pitcher. “No I don’t,” she mutters. “I’m fine with spit.” She stares off into the distance, not meeting your glaze. “That’s all my brother is to you and your friends, isn’t it? A great big herd beast that you can milk for posey juice.”

“Fort is just a big cuddly bear you can’t help but love, Sweetness," says Comfort.

You groan inwardly. When Comfort calls someone Sweetness it is never a good sign. 
 
“Oh, give me a break. You looked down your nose at Hush and Fort because they were only Bakers and your husband is a cabinet maker,” says Reliance.

“Well I’m not with Level now, Sugar. I chose Cuddly Bear,” says Comfort quietly. 

“Because Fort is a posey and can keep you safe from the plague,” says Reliance. 

“I could have brought Level. Fort would have agreed, but I chose differently,” says Comfort. 

“And your faithlessness is supposed to endear you to me,” says Reliance.

“Nimble vouches for Comfort" you say. You were suspicious at first or your host was, but Nimble made it clear they were a package deal.  Hush wanted to throw them both out but you forced a compromise. "And she has been respectful since she has been here."  You hope that is true. You can only remember bits and pieces, but your relationship with Comfort has dramatically improved over the last few weeks, that couldn't all be due to lust could it? Fort was 87% compatible with you and you wouldn't be so shallow, would you? You hope you wouldn't.

“I can see how respectful she has been,” says Reliance.

"Enough!" You say. “The apprentices are dead or runaway, as are the sales girls. Plus now we need to protect ourselves. The few Duke's guards that are still alive are more interested in stealing everything that isn't cemented down than keeping the peace.”

You continue, “We don’t have enough people to both defend the bakery and send out people to get supplies. We need more people. Especially fighters and a healer if we can get one. Why don’t we recruit Hawkeye’s boys?”

“No men. Both Nimble and I agreed on no men,” says Comfort. “Men are nothing but trouble.”

“And women aren’t trouble?” you ask. “What of me? I am a man. Are you going to toss me out of my own bakery?”

“You are an acceptable compromise,” says Comfort.

“Acceptable compromise?” you protest. If this was the old Comfort you would be sure that was an insult, with this new semi-reformed Comfort you are uncertain.

“As much as I hate to agree with the naked pervert, she’s right,” admitted Reliance.

“That I am an acceptable compromise?” you ask.

“No, I agree that boys are nothing but trouble. No offence, Fort,” clarified Reliance.

“Why would I be offended,” you say, gritting your teeth.

“I would even put up with Thimble and Cushion rather than deal with Cut and Thrust Guard. What about Parry? She can handle a sword just as well as her brothers,” says Reliance.

“Why thank you, Noncompliance,” retorted Comfort.

“You’re welcome Culvert.”

“Likewise Connivance.”

“Will you two stop insulting each other like 5 year olds?” you ask. 

“She could put her cursed tunic back on. I don’t need to see her jiggly bits,” says Reliance.

“You could show your friends out. They are still in the backroom. You’ve compromised our security. Shown them the locks and the traps. They could come back at any time and raid us,” warned Comfort.

“They wouldn’t do anything like that. Besides they don’t know where the traps are. I disabled them before I let them in,” says Reliance.

“So you disabled our security measures and let strangers in. Are you trying to get us killed?” asked Comfort.

“They aren’t strangers,” says Reliance.

“Relly, are you seriously trying to win an argument with Comfort? You know her better than that. Comfort could you be less like - you?” you ask in frustration.

“Sure Honey,” says Comfort. She gently but firmly spreads your knees. She ducks under your tunic and quickly and efficiently sucks and licks you clean. You squirm in surprise.  It’s ticklish. You start to stiffen. 

Comfort re-emerges licking her lips. She glances over at Reliance and smiles when she sees Relly’s shocked expression. 

“That’s disgusting,” says Reliance once she finds her voice.

“Just cleaning my work area,” says Comfort. “I could use a little cleaning myself. Would you mind helping me?” Comfort gives Reliance a significant look.

“You bitch!” cries Reliance. She draws a knife from a sheath hanging from one of her tunic loops.

Something bright flashes in Comforts hand. Your heart tries to leap out of your chest as you experience another flashback. Blood spreading out on the bakery floor. Comfort grinning like a maniac. You reach down, grab Comforts hands and twist. Two small knives clatter to the ground. You spin, your foot snaps out and Reliance's knife goes flying. Pain shoots up your leg. This body is less flexible than the one you’re used to. You soon have Comfort’s forearms in one hand and Reliance’s wrists in the other. It is lucky that they are both so small.

“Ow! Could you let me go Cuddly Bear?” asks Comfort. “I promise not to hurt anyone.” 

Your eyes find a brown stain on the floor. Blood can be hard to remove. You remember the man’s blank stare as he bled out. It had been One Mason, Verity’s husband. Now you remember why you felt a sense of dread when you learned Comfort’s son was being looked after by Verity. You feel significantly less happy. However this isn’t bad enough, whatever that elf has planned it is going to be much more horrible than this.

You let go of the girls but keep between them. 

“Where did you learn that?” asks Comfort. “I didn’t know you knew Empty Hand.”

“There is a lot you don’t know about me,” you say. A confused and dreamy expression settles on Reliance’s face and she moves closer and holds you.

“I doubt that, I have known you as far back as I can remember,” says Comfort. She takes hold of Reliance and pulls her away from you. “If you keep on smelling his tunic you are going to do something you will regret later.”

Reliance embraces Comfort and starts licking her neck. “You’re going to regret that too,” says Comfort, steering Reliance to a chair on the opposite side of the room. 

“What’s wrong with her?” you ask, looking at the blank expression on Reliance’s face.

“She has been avoiding you since you were light-blessed. This is the first time she has been so close to you and she got two nostrils full,” says Comfort as she walks to your side. On the way she picks up her knives and return them to her sheaths. “The first time can be overwhelming for an unscented.”

The confused expression on Reliance’s face is replaced with pain. She grabs right her arm, cradling it. “Ow! I think you broke my arm,” says Reliance. “How did I get over here?”

“I am sorry, but I can’t allow you two to kill each other,” you say, not wanting to discuss Reliance’s brief spell.

“She just pushes and pushes. She is enough to drive anyone mad,” says Reliance.

“That’s how she is. Just stop arguing with her. You are always going to end up getting the worst of it,” you say.

“You always take her side,” grumbles Reliance.

“I’m not taking her side. I’m just being realistic,” you say. “When have you ever known anyone to win an argument with Comfort?”

“So I am just supposed to let her walk all over me?” asked Reliance.

“No, just cultivate superior aloofness and ignore her,” you suggest.

“Unbelievable!” exclaims Reliance. “It’s really hard to ignore her when she is screwing you on the bench top and prancing around naked.”

“This conversation is not going anywhere useful,” you declare. “Do you want me to come over there?”

Reliance leaps off the chair and backs up until she is against the wall. “No!” she squeaks.

“And you!” you point at Comfort. “Stop playing mind games with my sister.”

“But she - “ starts Comfort.

“Superior aloofness!” you interrupt. “That would be a good strategy for you too. Behave or it will be a long time before it’s your turn again.”

“You wouldn’t dare!” declares Comfort, narrowing her eyes.

“Try me,” you say.

Comfort snorts. “I can’t stay angry with you, Cuddly Bear,” she says, wrapping her arms around you.

Your hands twitch. Sometimes you just want to strangle her. “We were talking about Parry Guard,” you say, trying to steer the conversation back to topic that you actually want to discuss. “Can we recruit her? Is she going to be willing to leave her brothers?”

“Her brothers joined Draper’s gang over on Autumn Street. She hasn’t seen them for weeks,” says Reliance.

“More importantly, is she willing to leave her current posey?” asks Comfort.

“I’m not sure,” says Reliance.

“What about your other friends?” you ask.

“You’re not making my friends part of your harem,” she protests.

“We need guards, a healer and an apothecary. I don’t need any more lovers,” you say.

“You say that now - “ Reliance was interrupted by a bang and a scream from the front room.

You rush to the door to the front room, pull it open and duck through the too small opening.

Nimble was nursing the Surefire while Temperance was resting the Leafblade on her shoulder. The light is dim as the windows are all shuttered, but there is more than enough light to see that a short man is impaled on a heavy spiked beam at the front of the shop. The spikes are penetrating all the way through the man’s body and into the front wall. The beam is suspended by rope from the ceiling. Looking over the front counter there is a second man on the floor with a quarrel in his back. There is bread scattered around him. You sigh at the waste. 

Other than the evidence of violence the front room is a typical bakery shop, grey stone walls, gas lamps, racks of bread, blackboard, wooden counter, ceiling and shutters, plus a bright blue painted door. In of listing prices the blackboard lists standard barter exchanges.

“What happened?” you ask.

“These two barged in asking questions about a woman. When I told them I hadn’t seen anyone similar to their description, they didn’t believe me and the one on the floor wanted to search the back,” Nimble says.

“The other one started grabbing bread,” Temperance says. “When I told him that he would have to barter for it, he insulted me, then threatened me.”

“I triggered the ceiling trap but one of them ducked,” says Nimble. “So I shot him with the Surefire.”

“I gave them the mercy stoke,” says Temperance proudly, waving a blood stained Leafblade. 

“Stop waving that about or you will take off somebody’s head,” warns Nimble.

It was hard to believe that a few weeks ago these blood thirsty women were normal respectful followers of the Way. Alright maybe Nimble had never been quite normal or respectful for that matter. It is colder in the front room. As the chill creeps in under your tunic you remember that you haven’t put your small clothes back on.

Comfort and Reliance, who had retrieved her knife, entered the front room making it very crowded. Comfort was once again dressed in her tunic although her bust looked odd. You flip the counter gate up and enter the customer area. You grab the spiked beam and pull. The body collapses to the floor. You place the beam back in its socket in the ceiling above the counter, with a push it clicks into place. Unfortunately the banner that conceals the spikes from the customers now has blood on it.

“Anyone know who these thugs are?” you ask.

“I think they're from a gang based in Blue Wyvern Street,” says Temperance.

Reliance searches the bodies, she comes up with some happy weed, some hardtack, a few coins and a couple of knives. She looks far to practiced at this kind of search. You pick up the bodies by the collar, holding them away from you so that your clothes won’t get blood on them. 

“Can someone get the door?” you ask. “I’ll put them outside so the plague cart can pick them up.”

“No. You might be seen or even worse smelt,” warns Nimble.

You drop the bodies. “Fine, you can do it then,” you announce in frustration.

“Comfort take one arm and Temperance the other,” instructs Nimble.

“Someone might see me,” protests Comfort.

“You have to resolve things with Level sooner or later, Comfort,” points out Nimble. There is an uncomfortable silence as Comfort and Nimble stare each other down.

“Fine, Reliance take one arm and Temperance the other,” says Nimble, giving in. “I’ll cover you.”

Reliance and Temperance drag one of the bodies over to the door with great difficulty.

“Why does he have to be so heavy?” groans Temperance. 

“Fort, Comfort get in the back,” insists Nimble, her hand on the front door handle.

Reluctantly you return to the bakery, closing the door to the shop. You find your small clothes under the workbench. You have a tug-of-war with Comfort over your small clothes as she insists that she prefers you not wearing them. 

The oven timer goes off. You slide out the fully braked tray of bread and slide the last batch of raw dough for the day into the oven. You reset the timer.

You sit on one of the bakery’s chairs and Comfort sits on your lap.

It’s not long before Reliance, Nimble and Temperance file though the shop door.

“Fort, Comfort you need to go upstairs,” Nimble says. “We need to talk to Reliance’s friends and they mustn’t see you.”

“Are you going to recruit them?” you ask.

“I told you - “ starts Reliance.

“Save it Relly,” barks Nimble. “It’s about that girl that those jerks were looking for. Temperance thinks she’s hiding across the road at the Arkwright’s. She and Relly want to find and recruit her, but I am not letting them go alone.”

“Ask Light whether she can take us under the wall,” you suggest.

“There is enough food in the rooftop gardens to last us a while,” Nimble says. “I don’t think that going outside the city is worth the risk.”

“There are many things we can’t get from the gardens, such as sugar, flour, milk, butter, crisp fruit, water root, meat etc.,” you point out. You straighten out a little trying to look more confident and assertive. Your hair brushes against a ceiling beam reminding you why you normally walk hunched over.

“I’ll think about it,” Nimble sighed.

“Are your friends still in the back? You have left them twiddling their thumbs for quite some time now,” asks Comfort.

“I promised them some bread and some cakes. They’ll be waiting,” says Reliance.

“We are not a charity,” admonishes Nimble.

“Relax, we get two ground fowl and a Snapshot crossbow out of the deal,” reassured Reliance rolling her eyes.

“You two--upstairs now,” demanded Nimble.

“Verity is upstairs,” protests Comfort.

“So is your son. I would have thought that you would want to spend time with him,” argues Nimble. “First you’re avoiding Level and now you’re avoiding Verity? Whatever happened to that fearless girl I used to know who told Patience that if she though Level Carpenter was so wonderful she could marry him?”

“My father made me marry Level anyway, so that short lived rebellion didn’t gain me anything,” sighed Comfort.

“I have to disagree. The look on Patience’s face was priceless,” grinned Nimble.

The shop bell rang. A customer is calling for attention.

“Temperance and I will take care of the customer. Relly you organize your friends. Comfy stay close to Fort. You know how funny Verity gets. I don’t want her alone with him. Now go!” orders Nimble.

“Remember to take out the bread when the timer sounds,” you remind Nimble as you head towards the door to the stairs.

