Chapter 3: Anytime is a Good Time for Pie

Measure and Charity are playing with blocks in the parlor. Verity is an untidy heap lying on the sofa. There is a stones game set.

Measure rushes up to you and pulls your leg. “Bear, Bear,” he says, pointing at his blocks. You smile hearing him call you by Comfort’s nickname for you. You look at Comfort but she is looking at Verity. You can see the bounce and enthusiasm drain out of Comfort. Her somber mood feels wrong. You never see her with a serious expression.

“Comfort, look. Measure has made a tower,” you say, crouching down, your voice full of awe and astonishment. Your antics raise a half smile from Comfort and divert her attention from Verity.

“You made a tower?” says Comfort sitting on the ground, “Is it a big tower?”

“Ower!” says Measure, pointing at the blocks. 

“You’re such a good boy.” Comfort hugs her son, a tear running down her face.

“Boots!” says Measure, pointing to his Mother’s shoes. He rushes off. He returns with two slippers.

“Thank you, Precious,” says Comfort, pulling off her shoes and putting on the slippers.

Measure reappears and pushes a second pair of slippers at you. “Ippas,” he insists.

“Yes, we are supposed to wear slippers in the parlor,” agrees Comfort, smiling, her mood lifting. 

“Ride!” demands Charity lifting up her arms. You hoist her up and twirl her around. You would like to put her on your shoulders but the ceiling is just too low.

“Me!” cries Measure, not to be outdone. You squat and pick him up with the other arm, they both laugh as you spin them around. 

“I have just quietened them down and now you’re getting them excited,” complains Verity. She looks terrible. Your heartbeat surges as you notice the yellow tint to the whites of her eyes, the rash covering a third of her face. You put the children down and step closer.

Comfort grabs your hand. “Not a good idea,” she warns. 

“I just want to check her gums,” you explain. 

“They are receding and there’s a dark line at their base. I checked this morning,” Comfort says.

“I’m dying. I need blood,” says Verity.

“That’s not happening,” states Comfort firmly.

“I need blood,” repeats Verity, with more emphasis.

“After last time? You’ll drink spit and like it,” says Comfort. “If you drank more from the blue flask you wouldn’t be in this position.”

“Spit isn’t enough anymore. I need blood,” argues Verity. Charity hugs your leg. Measure pulls Charity’s hand, trying to pull her out of the danger area. Both of them seem very aware of the hostility in the air.

“Blood, blood, blood. That’s all you can talk about. After what you did you are lucky I don’t - “ Comfort spits out, her hands hovering near her sleeves.

“You’re going to help me join my One and only?” asks Verity. “I should never have listened to you and Nimble. I should have stayed true to my husband. Now Charity has no father.”

“He doesn’t deserve to be called her father. He broke her fingers,” accuses Comfort.

“That was an accident,” says Verity, looking away.

“How many other ‘accidents’ have there been, Verity?” ask Comfort. “How many?”

“You didn’t have to kill him,” says Verity.

“He beat you every Market day, after he had a few beers. We all saw the bruises.” insisted Comfort. “And he tried to choke me.”

“And Level is the only one that is allowed to hit you, is that right? Him and your father,” spits out Verity.

Comforts hands drive into her sleeves. You step in between them, hampered by Charity’s hold on your leg, ready to intervene. Comfort's hands re-emerge from her sleeves, they are empty. She stomps over to the low table and pours a drink from a blue pitcher. She adds something from a capped mug that she retrieves from her pouch. 

“Drink this,” she orders.

“It smells of him,” Verity protests. “You smell of him. And you haven’t put your corset back on right. Do you think so little of your vows?”

“I never wanted Level,” says Comfort coldly. “They gave me to him because he was tall, and a wife shouldn’t be taller than her husband. The same reason they gave Hush to Fort.”

“You can make all the excuses you want, that doesn’t change what you are,” says Verity her voice full of venom.

“Drink up, unless you want Charity to be an orphan,” says Comfort her voice flat and unyielding.

Verity lifts the cup toward her mouth, her expression conflicted. “I won’t be his woman,” she says.

“Fort is light-blessed. If the shining ones approve of him, who are you to look down at him?” Comfort shouts. “Besides what makes you think he would lower himself to be with you?”

You look at the children. They are far too quiet. Charity clutches your leg as if her life depended on it. Measure pulls at her shoulder trying to warn her, “Hm, Hm,” he says, barely audible.

“You are scaring the children,” you warn. Comfort has the grace to look ashamed. Verity’s expression barely flickers. She brings the cup to her lips. Ecstasy overwhelms her as she greedily gulps it down. 

“Want some more?” asks Comfort. Verity doesn’t say anything. Her face is haunted by a heartbroken expression. Comfort refills her cup anyway. 

You pick up the children and carry them to the sofa on the far side of the room. Comfort joins you. She lifts up her tunic and lets Measure suckle. Charity buries herself in your shoulder. You stay like that for a while. After a while Charity wiggles out of your arm and returns to playing with the blocks. A little while later Measure joins her.

Nimble enters the room. “Who died?” she asks. No-one answers.

“What’s happening?” you ask.

“They found that girl. No-one is admitting anything, but the way they are acting I am sure she is a posey. The girl is staying with them for the moment. They have agreed in principle to an alliance between our two groups with Reliance acting as a liaison, with the details to be nutted out later. Parry has agreed to train Temperance in swordplay, and the way she keeps waving that Leafblade around we are all going to be grateful for that. Light says she is not confident in disabling all her father’s traps and I am not convinced that the risks of an adventure outside the city are worth it. So that’s on hold. Temperance has agreed to let them use her place so they will be moving next door. With the increased opportunity for mutual support that’s going to improve both our security. Temperance and Reliance are looking after the shop so I finally have some time to breathe,” Nimble expounds without pausing for breath. “Do you want to finish our game?” she asks gesturing toward the stones game.

You sit down opposite her. Comfort moves closer to watch. Verity seems to be asleep.

You are losing. The game seems to be similar to what is called Spears on Prime. You slide four stones forward capturing two of her stones. It is an aggressive and confident move. Nimble raises her eyebrows. You know it is a risk acting so differently to Fort, but if you want some control of the situation you need to win their respect. Within 10 minutes you capture a square on her baseline and she is unable to respond. She sets up another game and is about to remove some of her stones when you stop her. Instead you remove four of your stones.

“After just one win you are getting so cocky?” comments Nimble. “Don’t get overconfident.”

“I’m not,” you insist.

After 20 minutes you capture her baseline again. You give her a 5 stone advantage in the next game and win again. She finally wins when you give her a six stone advantage. Nimble stares at you for a while. “I understand,” she says. “You are like Comfort. You pretend to be someone you’re not. You pretend to be harmless, because people take one look at you and are automatically frightened. That’s why you pretend to be a dumb amiable lunk. People know that they can never match you physically, so you let them believe they outmatch out mentally, that way they can feel superior and it causes less problems.”

You don’t contradict Nimble, besides what she saying is mostly true. Fort has been deliberately putting out a goofy ’I am harmless’ vibe from the time he started growing so much faster than other children.

“Thank you, for finally trusting us enough to show who you really are,” says Nimble.

You glance at Comfort. Her mouth is open. She is staring at you with total shock. You return your attention to Nimble. You always knew that she was smart, but you now realize she is really, really smart. She may actually be as smart as you.

“You’re welcome,” you say.

“Comfort it’s your turn to cook. Why don’t you start preparing dinner?” asks Nimble.

“Yes,” she says uncertainly. With a final backward look at you, she disappears into the kitchen.

“Would you like to learn a different game?” you ask. You know thousands of games from hundreds of different worlds.

“Yes, I would,” says Nimble.

“In this one instead of stones going in the squares they go at the intersection of the lines. Instead of moving the stones, you place them on the board one by one,” you explain. After you finish explaining the rules, you play a game. You end up having to raid tokens from other game sets in order to meet the demands of the new game you are teaching her.

You notice Charity and Measure have both fallen asleep when you weren’t paying attention. You cover them with a blanket. Verity raises her head briefly then closes her eyes again. You continue playing with Nimble until the children wake up. 

Nimble goes back down stairs. Apparently Joy and Grace Smith are watching the shop while Temperance is spending time with the rest of their group. Nimble mutters something about the Smith girls giving away the stock as she disappears.

You translate some of the children’s songs you know, into their language, adjusting the new words to match the meter and rhyming scheme. The afternoon goes quickly and you are all soon reunited seated around the dinner table. Verity has insisted she is not hungry and has retired to her room. Temperance helps the children feed themselves at a low table. 

Comfort had managed to cook a fairly basic, but solid and tasty meal. Comfort passes you a meat dish and you use prongs to place a few slices on your plate. Tasting the meat triggers a sad memory. In order to have this meat you had butchered the house dragon, Huffle. The Vlaho part of you recognizes Huffle as a type of Ornithopod, a suborder of creatures that had gone extinct millions of years ago on Prime. You had run out of feed for Huffle.  She had made such mournful cries as she sniffed at her empty feed trough. You were going miss Huffle, the feel of her feathers as you petted her, her wet rough tongue and lips as she ate razor grass from your hands. It wasn’t just the loss of the household pet, she powered all the machinery in the bakery when you hitched her up to the capstan plus she towed the cart when you needed to haul supplies. You had to admit she tasted delicious though, especially with the red berry gravy Comfort had made.

“Do you think Verity is going to make it?” asks Comfort.

“Sometimes I worry about what will happen if she does make it,” says Nimble. “I was wrong about her. I should never have invited her to join the group. I thought that all she needed was a little push, but I pushed too hard. She wasn’t ready and now I’ve put everyone’s lives in danger. We can’t let her go. She knows too many of our secrets.”

Comfort passed you a dish of cooked vegetables. You recognized them from the rooftop garden. You scooped up a generous serving and placed it on your plate. Comfort nudged you with her elbow and you took a second scoop. The vegetables were okay. You speared some meat then a vegetable with your prong, then added some gravy. Tasting the resulting mixture you smiled. That was much better.

“If you didn’t invite her, she and Charity would be dead,” says Comfort. “It’s my fault. I should never have killed One.”

“If you hadn’t have acted he would have taken both Verity and Charity. You would have been beaten, possibly killed.”

Comfort passes you a polenta dish. You sigh. Doesn’t this world have potatoes or rice? You guess not. Perhaps if you mix it with everything else it won’t be so bad.
 
“I could have just wounded him.”

“If you didn’t take him out straight away he would have killed you.”

You feel surprisingly hungry. It is not as if you have done much today. You feel embarrassed about shoveling in so much food, but no-one seems to be paying attention to you. Reliance is busy ignoring everyone else not even making eye contact when someone passes her a dish. Temperance was occupied with the children and Comfort and Nimble were engrossed in their conversation. A conversation that was making you uncomfortable.

“I should have just let Fort stop him.”

“If he used you as a hostage what could Fort have done? Fort’s strong but he is not fast enough to have prevented One snapping your neck.” 

“Rehashing old decisions is not going to help,” you say, as the sense of discomfort became unbearable.

“She hurt you. We can’t allow that to happen again,” says Nimble.

“She won’t do that again,” protest Comfort.

“Is that your guilt talking?” says Nimble.

Comfort looks down. 

“Can’t we talk about something else?” you ask. You start to help yourself to a second serving.

“Temperance, leave the children for a moment and eat something before its all gone,” says Nimble.

You freeze in the middle of serving yourself some more meat.

“I am only joking, Fort. We know how much you eat. Comfort made plenty,” says Nimble. “But Temperance, you do need to eat too.” 
 
Temperance joined them at the table. She quickly loads her plate with food. There is a disturbance at the children’s table. Measure has spooned what is left of his food into Charities bowl. Charity has responded by pushing her bowl over to his side of the table. They are pushing the bowl back and forth. The bowl sides off the table and onto the floor. Temperance starts to get up, but Nimble stops her. “Relly dear. Could you mind the children for a little bit so Temperance can eat?” she asks.

Reliance looks as if she is about to explode. 

“Please!” you ask.

“I am only doing this for Temperance,” says Reliance, fetching a cloth and cleaning up the mess.

“With the way you keep obsessing about Level I always expect him to turn up here,” says Nimble. “But he never has.”

“He thinks Measure and I have gone to my cousin in Eastside,” says Comfort. “Besides he is afraid of Fort. He won’t come alone.”

Nimble frowns. “Does that mean you think he will bring muscle?” she asks.

Comfort shrugs. She pushes away her plate. She and Nimble are waiting for you and Temperance to finish.

You think about the security of the bakery. Today will not be the last time customers cause trouble. Once food becomes scarcer it will become a lot worse. What if next time its five thieves instead of two?

“He has probably died from the plague,” you suggest.

“I am not that lucky,” states Comfort. That comment seems to put a dampener on the proceedings.

Comfort clears away her, Nimble’s and Reliance's plate. She returns with a crisp fruit pie and a jug of what looks and smells like egg custard. She clears away Temperance’s plate. You try and finish up what is on your plate quickly as you do not want to make everybody wait. Comfort returns with bowls and metal goblets. Temperance and the children are given fruit juice, the rest of you are poured fortified wine. You sigh as you sip the wine. It is very good.

“I heated up one of Fort’s pies. The custard is mine though,” says Comfort. “I thought we deserved a treat.” Reliance is served at the children’s table. She has to keep her wine away from Measure as he tries to grab it.

The crisp fruit pie is delicious even if you do say so yourself. The custard is divine as well.

“What do you all know about the shining ones?” you ask as everyone relaxes.

“They gave you the ability to cure the plague,” says Reliance. “They made you a posey.”

“They make wonderful things like my Leafblade,” says Temperance. 

You blink at this. You are certain they did not make the Leafblade no matter what the tales said. Elves hate metal and they hate iron and steel most of all. Their customary weapons are glass knifes, wooden staves and bows. Besides, if anything, the Leafblade looked more like dwarven work.

“They’re very knowledgeable, but also very dangerous,” you say. “Unless the need is great you should not seek them out. If you meet them, be very cautious and act very respectful and humble.”

“They are the Maker’s helpers, of course you should respect them,” says Temperance.

“Why are you telling us this?” asked Nimble.

“You need to avoid the roof garden at night,” you say.

“Is that where you met them?” asks Comfort. She serves you another slice of pie with a wink and tops it off with a generous dollop of custard.

“I have only met one, but yes,” you say.

“Are they as beautiful as they say?” asks Reliance.

“She is very beautiful, and like all of them, likes to be told so by mortals,” you say.

“She? Everything becomes clear. Yet another girl’s heart has been conquered by our Cuddly Bear,” says Comfort.

“Elves, I mean shining ones, don’t have hearts,” you say. “They only love themselves.”

“That doesn’t seem very grateful,” says Temperance. “They saved us from the plague.”

Comfort tops up everyone’s drink. 

“Gratitude is one thing. Not seeing them as they are is another,” you say. “They would be the first to tell you that they are no mortal’s servant. They consider following our customs, morals and ethics as lowering themselves to our level.” You look at them. You can tell they do not understand, or more truthfully do not want to accept what you are trying to tell them. You sigh. They see the elves as saviors. They see them as the Maker’s servants.

“They grant wishes don’t they?” asks Reliance.

You stifle a groan. “Don’t ask them for favors. Remember they are no mortal’s servants,” you say. “If you must ask them for something, grovel, flatter them, grovel some more, then flatter them again. If they grant you a boon keep it modest and simple and be very specific.” Better yet, shoot yourself in the head before doing anything so foolhardy, you think to yourself.

You decide to change tactics, if they won’t be warned about Elves, then perhaps you can tap into their misplaced reverence for the creatures. “They are very knowledgeable and the one I met has told me many things,” you say. “Things that can improve our situation, but there are things that I need to make that happen. I will need to talk to the Smiths about what to look out for when they’re scrounging,” you say.

“Reliance can pass on your requirements to the Smiths,” says Nimble. “Let’s help Comfort wash up. I want to go to bed early.” She gives you a smile.

