Chapter 2: Bakers Dozen.

There was a click as the back door opened “Ew! Maker’s Mercy.” exclaimed Reliance. “Would you take it upstairs.”

You're heartbeat quickens. You have a sinking feeling. However the embarrassment being caught, yet again, barely makes a dent in your worry about the elf.  You are too happy. This makes you sure that disaster is imminent. Happy isn't fun or interesting to elves. 

Fort has never been happier, which is why you are feeling so much guilt. You are certain Nimble and Comfort have never been happier either. However they, at least, believe they deserve it, and they harbour so much anger and resentment towards the people on your street, that the fact so many of their 'friends' are dead is actually bonus for them. But it can’t last. Where is the disaster going to come from? Elves like their victim’s to see it coming. What aren’t you remembering?

“Did you catch someone in the act?” says someone behind Reliance. “Who is it?”

“Never you mind,” huffed Reliance quickly closing the door on her curious friend. She is wearing brown work tunic and leggings. It is one of those tunics that has loops to hang tools from.

You have an impulse to jump up and rearrange your clothes, but it hardly seem worth while at this stage. If Verity comes downstairs then very adult in the household would have walked in on you and Comfort. Schemes to get rid of the elf flicker through your mind. There are herbs that can repeal or attract them, but were to get them. They will have different names, perhaps even different appearances. The important thing is the smell and taste.

“There’s never a quiet moment around here,” complained Comfort. “Is that Joy Smith in the back room? You know that you’re  not supposed to let people in to the private areas of the bakery.”

“It’s Grace - I think,” says Reliance. “It doesn’t matter. Who do you think you are telling me what to do? You’re not my mother, you’re not my sister-in-law, you’re just the Destroyer Cursed next door neighbour. Hush isn’t dead a three week and your screwing her husband on their table.”

“From what Nimble says she wouldn’t mind,” says Comfort. With great reluctance Comfort disentangled herself from you and let herself down until she was standing on the floor. You roll down your tunic, covering yourself.

“Nimble isn’t his husband either,” says Reliance. 

“Arguing and making a fuss isn’t going to bring Hush back,” you say. You need help to the further your plans and for that you need them working together. Plus the bickering is getting annoying.

“You’re glad she’s dead aren’t you,” accuses Reliance looking directly at you. 

You feel a surge of shame and guilt. “Of course not. I would have saved her if I could,” you say.

“You let Nimble, Comfort and the others barge in here and change everything,” says Reliance.

“Things are different now.” you say. “We need to band together for protection.” You had seen it in shadow world after shadow world, the breakdown law and order, the fracturing of society into gangs and tribes. It had already started in here in Moonpath Street and it was going to get worse. 

“Yes, I can see what kind of protection Comfort has been giving you,” retorts Reliance. “What in the Destroyer’s dungeons are you doing?” she asks Comfort.

You see Comfort with something white and sticky on hands wiping it into a cup. 

“I’m saving a peace offering for Nimble. It’s a lot than better than spit but not as good as blo- uhm, not as good as other things,” says Comfort. She is licking her fingers with relish.

“That’s disgusting,” says Reliance turning away.

“Not so much. Everything to do with a posey smells and tastes wonderful,” says Comfort. “You could smell him the minute you walked in the door, couldn’t you? Doesn’t it make you want to bury your nose in his hair? To lick him all over? To bite him?”

Reliance is flushed and breathing heavier. She marches over to the water jugs and takes a drink from the blue pitcher. “No I don’t,” she mutters. “I’m fine with spit.” She stare off in the distance not meeting your glaze. “That’s all my brother is to you and your friends isn’t it. A great big heard beast that you can milk for posey juice.”

“Fort is just a big cuddly bear you can’t help but love, Sweetness," says Comfort.

You groan inwardly. When Comfort calls someone Sweetness it was never a good sign. 
 
“Oh, give me a break. You looked down your nose at Hush and Fort because they were only Bakers and your husband is a cabinet maker,” says Reliance.

“Well I’m not with Level now, Sugar. I chose cuddly bear,” says Comfort quietly. 

“Because Fort is a posey and can keep you safe from the plague,” says Reliance. 

“I could have brought Level. Fort would have agreed, but I chose different,” says Comfort. 

“And you’re faithlessness is purposed to endear you to me,” says Reliance.

“Nimble vouches for Comfort" you say. You  were suspicious at first or your host was, but Nimble made it clear they were a package deal.  Hush wanted to throw them both out but you forced a compromise. "and she has been respectful since she has been here."  You hope that is true. You can only remember bits and pieces, but you're relationship with Comfort has dramatically improved over the last few weeks, that couldn't all be due to lust could it? Fort was 87% compatible with you and you wouldn't be so shallow would you. You hope you wouldn't.

“I can see how respectful she has been,” says Reliance.

"Enough!" You say. “The apprentices are dead, as are the sales girls. Plus now we need to protect ourselves. The few Duke's guards that are still alive are more interested in stealing everything that isn't cemented down than keeping the peace.”

You continue, “We don’t have enough people to both defend the bakery and send out people to get supplies. We need more people. Especially fighters and a healer if we can get one. Why don’t we recruit Hawkeye’s boys?”

“No men. Both Nimble and I agreed on no men,” says Comfort. “Men are nothing but trouble.”

“And women aren’t trouble?” you ask. “What of me? I am a man. Are you going to toss me out of my own bakery?”

“You are an acceptable compromise,” says Comfort.

“Acceptable compromise?” you protest. If this was the old Comfort you would be sure that was an insult, with this new semi-reformed Comfort you are uncertain.

“As much as I hate to agree with the naked pervert, she’s right,” admitted Reliance.

“That I am an acceptable compromise?” you ask.

“No, that boy’s are nothing but trouble. No offence, Fort,” clarified Reliance.

“Why would I be offended,” you say, gritting your teeth.

“I would even put up with Thimble and Cushion rather than deal with Cut and Thrust Guard. What about Parry? She can handle a sword just as well as her brothers,” says Reliance.

“Why thank you, Noncompliance,” retorted Comfort.

“You’re welcome Culvert.”

“Likewise Connivence.”

“Will you two stop insulting each other like 5 year olds?” you ask. 

“She could put her cursed tunic back on. I don’t need to see her jiggly bits,” says Reliance.

“You could show your friends out. They are still in the backroom. You’ve compromised our security. Shown them the locks and the traps. They could come back at any time and raid us,” warned Comfort.

“They wouldn’t anything like that. Besides they don’t know where the traps are. I disabled them before I let them in,” says Reliance.

“So you disabled our security measures and let strangers in. Are you trying to get us killed?” asked Comfort.

“They aren’t strangers,” says Reliance.

“Reliance, are you seriously trying to win an argument with Comfort? You know her better than that. Comfort could you be less like - you?” you ask.

“Sure Honey,” says Comfort. She gently but firmly spreads your knees. She ducks under  your tunic and quickly and efficiently sucks and licks you clean. You squirm in surprise.  It’s ticklish. You start to stiffen. 

Comfort re-emerges licking her lips. She glances over at Reliance and smiles when she sees Relly’s shocked expression. 

“That’s disgusting,” says Reliance once she finds her voice.

“Just cleaning my work area,” says Comfort. “I could use a little cleaning myself. Would you mind helping me?” Comfort gives Reliance a significant look.

“You bitch!” cries Reliance. She draws a knife from a sheath hanging from one of her tunic loops.

Something bright flashes in Comforts hand. Your heart tries to leap out of your chest as you experience another flashback. Blood spreading out on the bakery floor. Comfort grinning like a maniac. You reach down grab Comforts hands and twist. Two small knives clatter to the ground. You spin, your foot snaps out and Reliances knife goes flying. Pain shoots up your leg. This body is less flexible than the one you’re used to. You soon have Comfort’s forearms in one hand and Reliance’s wrists in the other. It is lucky that they are both so small.

“Ow! Could you let me go cuddly bear?” asks Comfort. “Promise not to hurt anyone.” 

Your eyes find a brown stain on the floor. Blood can be hard to remove. You remember the man’s blank stare as he bled out. It had been One Mason, Verity’s husband. Now you remember why you felt a sense of dread when you learnt Comfort’s son was being looked after by Verity. You feel significantly less happy. However this isn’t bad enough, whatever that elf has planned it is going to be much more horrible than this.

You let go of the girls but keep between them. 

“Where did you learn that?” asks Comfort. “I didn’t know you knew Empty Hand.”

“There is a lot you don’t know about me,” you say. Reliance moves closer and holds you.

“I doubt that, I have known you as far back as I can remember,” says Comfort. She takes hold of Reliance and pulls her away from you. “If you keep on smelling his tunic you are going to do something you will regret later.”

Reliance embraces Comfort and starts licking her neck. “You’re going to regret that too,” says Comfort, steering Reliance to a chair on the opposite side of the room. 

“What’s wrong with her?” you ask, looking at the dreamy blank expression on Reliance’s face.

“She has been avoiding you since you were light-blessed. This is the first time she has been so close to you and she got two nostrils full,” says Comfort as she walks to your side. On the way she picks up her knives and return them to her sheaths. “The first time can be overwhelming for an unscented.”

The confused expression on Reliance’s face is replaced with pain. She grabs right her arm, cradling it. “Ow! I think you broke my arm,” says Reliance. “How did I get over here?”

“I am sorry, but I can’t allow you two to kill each other,” you say.

“She just pushes and pushes. She is enough to drive anyone mad,” says Reliance.

“That’s how she is. Just stop arguing with her. You are always going to end up getting the worst of it,” you say.

“You always take her side,” grumbles Reliance.

“I’m not taking her side. I’m just being realistic,” you say. “When have you ever known anyone to win an argument with Comfort?”

“So I am just supposed to let her walk all over me?” asked Reliance.

“No, just cultivate a superior aloofness and ignore her,” you suggest.

“Unbelievable!” exclaims Reliance. “It’s really hard to ignore her when she is screwing you on the bench top and prancing around naked.”

“This conversation is not going anywhere useful,” you declare. “Do you want me to come over there?”

Reliance leaps off the chair and backs up until she is against the wall. “No!” she squeaks.

“And you!” you point at Comfort. “Stop playing mind games with my sister.”

“But she - “ starts Comfort.

“Superior aloofness!” you interrupt. “Or it will be a long time before it’s your turn again.”

“You wouldn’t dare!” declares Comfort, narrowing her eyes.

“Try me,” you say.

Comfort snorts. “I can’t stay angry with you, cuddly bear,” she says, wrapping her arms around you.

Your hands twitch. Sometimes you just want to strangle her. “We were talking about Parry Guard,” you say, trying to steer the conversation back to topic that you actually want to discuss. “Can we recruit her? Is she going to be willing to leave her brothers?”

“Her brothers joined Draper’s gang over on Autumn Street. She hasn’t seen them for weeks,” says Reliance.

“More importantly, is she willing to leave her current posey?” asks Comfort.

“I’m not sure,” says Reliance.

“What about your other friends?” you ask.

“You’re not making my friends part of your haram,” she protests.

“We need guards, a healer and an apothecary. I don’t need any more lovers,” you say.

“You say that now - “ Reliance was interrupted by a bang and a scream from the front room.

You rush to the door to the front room, pull it open and duck through the too small opening.












